Kyma 0.8 Edmonton release notes (#235)
kyma-project/website: content/blog-posts/2018-03-11-release-notes-0.8/index.md

<!-- overview -->

The highlights of Kyma 0.8 Edmonton include:

- [Consuming Events with Knative](#consuming-events-served-by-knative-eventing) - We enabled Event consumption using Knative Eventing.
- [Backup](#backup) - We introduced a backup and feature to Kyma.
- [Deploying Kyma with xip.io wildcard DNS](#xip-io-as-default-dns-solution) - We made wildcard DNS provided by xip.io the default DNS solution for cluster deployments.
- [Removing Minikube constraint](#removed-minikube-constraint) - We removed the Minikube version constraint that forced users to use the same version as Kyma sources.
- [Information endpoint](#information-endpoint) and [certificate management](#certificate-management) make the Application Connector even more powerful.

> - [Replacing OK Log with Loki](#ok-log-replaced-with-loki) - We switched our old logging solution to Loki, which is lightweight, actively maintained and integrated with Grafana.

Reviewer: AFAIK Loki is not yet fully enabled in kyma. Right @a-thaler, @hisarbalik  ?

Reviewer 2: Loki merged to kyma and available but API not exposed and console ui not enabled.

Author: In the more detailed description of new features for each component there's this sentence:

> For now, we replaced the main logging functionality, which means that the logs are collected by Loki but can be accessed only through an internal API. We will expose the API and activate Grafana integration in the upcoming release. Please remember that our logging solution is in alpha state. Your feedback is welcome!

I think it explains the status quo well. Do you agree?

Reviewer 3: That was my intention :)
We definitely replaced OKLog, there are no leftovers of it. But the story is not finished and to call it well integrated we need to do more. That I tried to express

- [Adding a new kyma-developer role](#kyma-developer-role) - We added a new `kyma-developer` role which is suited for developers working with Kyma clusters.
- [All Console views using SAP Fiori](#sap-fiori-fundamentals) - All views in the Console now use SAP Fiori Fundamentals or one of its component libraries: `fundamental-ngx` or `fundamental-react`.

See the overview of all changes in this release:

- [Application Connector](#application-connector) - information endpoint, certificate signing, certificate renewal, certificate revocation
- [Asset Store](#asset-store) - New cluster-wide resources added, package filtering, monitoring of Minio
- [Backup and Restore](#backup-and-restore) - Backup and restore feature added, E2E tests for backup and restore
- [Console](#console) - All views use SAP Fiori Fundamentals, support for system Namespaces, creating bindings for users, Catalog view improvements
- [Eventing](#eventing) - Consuming events served by Knative Eventing

> - [Installation](#installation) - xip.io as the default DNS solution, removed Minikube constraint, Kubernetes upgared to 1.12

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [Installation](#installation) - xip.io as the default DNS solution, removed Minikube constraint, Kubernetes upgraded to 1.12
```

Author: fixed

- [Logging](#logging) - Replaced OK Log with Loki
- [Security](#security) - New `kyma-developer role`, shorter ID token TTL, support for kubectl `exec` command
- [Serverless](#serverless) - Logging of function's source code before execution
- [Service Catalog](#service-catalog) - Setting bundle repository URLs in Helm Broker
- [kyma-project.io](#kyma-project-io) - Backend refactoring, bugfixes, infomation panels, new tab layout, new external link icon

---

> ## Application Connector

Reviewer 5: We missed important information about the renaming of the proxy service to gateway service.

```
The Proxy service has been renamed to Application Gateway.
```

Author: You're right. I'll include this in my next commit. Thanks.

Author: added

author:
  name: "Tomasz Papiernik, Technical Writer @Kyma"
tags:
  - release-notes
type: release
releaseTag: "0.8.0"
redirectFrom:
  - "/blog/release-notes-08"
---

The 0.8 release is packed with new features and improvements that bring your experience to a new level. The Kyma-Knative integration continues, now making it possible to both publish and consume Events using Knative Eventing. You can now back up a Kyma cluster manually or schedule periodic backups. Deploying Kyma on clusters became much easier with the integration of the xip.io wildcard DNS. The Minikube version constraint is removed, allowing you to use any compatible Minikube version. The Application Connector got even more powerful with certificate signing, renewal, and revocation, and a brand new information endpoint. Other significant improvements include replacing OK Log with Grafana Loki, switching all Console views to SAP Fiori Fundamentals and the introduction of the `kyma-developer` role.  
<!-- overview -->

The highlights of Kyma 0.8 Edmonton include:

- [Consuming Events with Knative](#consuming-events-served-by-knative-eventing) - We enabled Event consumption using Knative Eventing.

> - [Backup](#backup) - We introduced a backup and feature to Kyma.

Author: :D:D:D:D

- [Deploying Kyma with xip.io wildcard DNS](#xip-io-as-default-dns-solution) - We made wildcard DNS provided by xip.io the default DNS solution for cluster deployments.
- [Removing Minikube constraint](#removed-minikube-constraint) - We removed the Minikube version constraint that forced users to use the same version as Kyma sources.
- [Information endpoint](#information-endpoint) and [certificate management](#certificate-management) make the Application Connector even more powerful.
- [Replacing OK Log with Loki](#ok-log-replaced-with-loki) - We switched our old logging solution to Loki, which is lightweight, actively maintained and integrated with Grafana.
- [Adding a new kyma-developer role](#kyma-developer-role) - We added a new `kyma-developer` role which is suited for developers working with Kyma clusters.

> - [All Console views using SAP Fiori](#sap-fiori-fundamentals) - All views in the Console now use SAP Fiori Fundamentals or one of its component libraries: `fundamental-ngx` or `fundamental-react`.

Reviewer 6: link to https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-react and https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-ngx

Author: done

> - [All Console views using SAP Fiori](#sap-fiori-fundamentals) - All views in the Console now use SAP Fiori Fundamentals or one of its component libraries: `fundamental-ngx` or `fundamental-react`.

Author: The list starts with: 
`The highlights of Kyma 0.8 Edmonton include:`
so I'll stick with "using".

See the overview of all changes in this release:

- [Application Connector](#application-connector) - information endpoint, certificate signing, certificate renewal, certificate revocation, Proxy Service renaming
- [Asset Store](#asset-store) - New cluster-wide resources added, package filtering, monitoring of Minio
- [Backup and Restore](#backup-and-restore) - Backup and restore feature added, E2E tests for backup and restore

> - [Console](#console) - All views use SAP Fiori Fundamentals, support for system Namespaces, creating bindings for users, Catalog view improvements

Reviewer 6: Catalog view improvements -> Catalog view improvements, like OData specification rendering

Author: @derberg This is just a summary of all the changes. I think that there's no need to explain what the improvements are in this short list. It's described in detail in the dedicated section :)

Reviewer 6: this is important feature I want to have in highlight to have reader click the link and see details

Author: @derberg Ok, I indicated that we added OData rendering and "provision only once" classes to SC view. If you think this needs to be mentioned here then I think it's better to have these as separate items rather than try to call them "catalog view improvements".

> - [Eventing](#eventing) - Consuming events served by Knative Eventing

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
- [Eventing](#eventing) - Consuming Events served by Knative Eventing
```

- [Installation](#installation) - xip.io as the default DNS solution, removed Minikube constraint, Kubernetes upgraded to 1.12
- [Logging](#logging) - Replaced OK Log with Loki
- [Security](#security) - New `kyma-developer role`, shorter ID token TTL, support for kubectl `exec` command
- [Serverless](#serverless) - Logging of function's source code before execution
- [Service Catalog](#service-catalog) - Setting bundle repository URLs in Helm Broker
- [kyma-project.io](#kyma-project-io) - Backend refactoring, bugfixes, infomation panels, new tab layout, new external link icon

---

## Application Connector

### Information endpoint

> The new `GetInfo` endpoint returns information about the cluster. Use it to get information about important cluster endpoints, such as the Event Service URL. The new endpoint improves on the previous functionality which provided this information along with the certification requirements.

Author: I think that "improve on" works nicely here. 

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/improve-on-upon-sth

### Certificate management

We added new functionality centered around certificate management, such as signing certificates for Applications and Kyma clusters, [renewing certificates](/docs/0.8/components/application-connector/#tutorials-renew-the-client-certificate), and [certificate revocation](/docs/0.8/components/application-connector/#tutorials-revoke-the-client-certificate).

### Proxy Service renaming

We renamed the Proxy Service to Application Gateway.

## Asset Store

### New cluster-wide resources added

> We added 2 new cluster-wide resources: ClusterAsset and ClusterBucket. These resources allow to fully use the Asset Store and build solutions using it. Read [this document](link) for more information.

Reviewer 6: link to docs https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/asset-store/#custom-resource-clusterasset
remember that before releasing it must be adjusted as now it points to master

> We added 2 new cluster-wide resources: ClusterAsset and ClusterBucket. These resources allow to fully use the Asset Store and build solutions using it. Read [this document](link) for more information.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
We added 2 new cluster-wide resources: ClusterAsset and ClusterBucket. These resources allow you to fully use the Asset Store and build solutions using it. Read [this document](link) for more information.
```

### Upload service

The newly introduced upload service enables easy integration for components that dynamically create and publish packages. By default, the service is configured to be accessible only from within the cluster. You can use the Upload service to temporarily publish files that need to be referenced in Assets. For details, read [this](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/asset-store#details-asset-upload-service ) document.

### Monitoring of Minio

Asset Store uses Minio as its backed, with a standalone setup on local deployment and gateway mode as the recommended production setup. We enabled Minio monitoring and added a custom Grafana dashboard for this important component.

## Backup and restore

### Backup and restore feature added

We implemented an [Ark](https://github.com/heptio/velero/)-based backup functionality in Kyma, allowing you to create manual scheduled backups. Read our [documentation](/docs/0.8/components/backup/) to learn how to configure backups, restore your cluster from backup and set backup retention period.

### E2E tests for backup and restore

> We added a new pipeline which tests the backup and restore feature to Prow. The test pipeline runs daily. It creates a Kyma cluster and installs resources in the cluster. After it completes the setup phase, it creates backup and removes all resources. Next, the resources are restored using the created backup and the pipeline verifies if all recreated resources are working as expected.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
We added a new pipeline to Prow which allows testing the backup and restore feature. The test pipeline runs daily. It creates a Kyma cluster and installs resources in the cluster. After it completes the setup phase, it creates a backup and removes all resources. Next, the resources are restored using the created backup and the pipeline verifies if all recreated resources are working as expected.
```
I changed the first line a bit because it seemed a bit odd to me (correct, but a bit hard to follow).

### Known issues

Currently, the backup and restore feature doesn't cover all components. As a workaround, add the outstanding components to Ark configuration manually as described in the [documentation](/docs/0.8/components/backup/#details-back-up-a-kyma-cluster).

## Console

### SAP Fiori Fundamentals

Now all views of the Console use Fiori Fundamentals or one of its component libraries: fundamental-ngx or fundamental-react.

### Support for system Namespaces

Now the system Namespaces of your Kyma cluster are displayed in the Console alongside the user created ones. The system Namespaces have reduced functionality and don't allow the users to perform certain actions, such as creating lambdas.

### Create RoleBindings for users

We added the ability to create RoleBindings and ClusterRoleBindings for specific users through the Console.

### Catalog view enhancements

> - "Provision only once" classes

Reviewer 6: screen shot missing

Author: added

Some Service Classes can be provisioned only once in a given Namespace. They are mostly brokers from different cloud providers. We made it clear in the UI that certain classes can be used only once or cannot be provisioned again if they are already in use. We also indicated how many instances of Service Classes that can be provisioned multiple times already exist in the cluster.

> - OData rendering

Reviewer 6: screen shot missing

Author: added

Kyma allows you to register not only REST APIs but also OData APIs. Now the Console supports not only OpenAPI spec rendering but also OData spec rendering. We developed a new component and integrated it in the Service Catalog views to support this use case. Currently, we support OData v2, v3, and v4. We support only XML as the input data format and we transform older OData versions to v4.

### Known issues

After you upgrade Kyma to the 0.8 version, you might be unable to log in to the console. To counter this issue, clear your browser cache manually and try logging in again.

## Eventing

> ### Consuming events served by Knative Eventing

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
### Consuming Events served by Knative Eventing
```

Running Kyma with the `--knative` flag now allows you to consume Events served by Knative.

### Restricted Client access enabled for NATS Streaming

Only Event Bus applications can connect to NATS Streaming using client authentication.

## Installation

> ### Xip.io wildcard as default DNS solution

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
### Xip.io wildcard as a default DNS solution
```

The wildcard DNS provided by xip.io is integrated as the default DNS solution, which means you can now install Kyma on GKE and AKS clusters and create a playground environment even easier. Simply start the installation on your cluster and don't worry about owning a domain or configuring your cluster in a specific way. If you want to spin up a production-ready cluster, the process doesn't change. When you provide your own domain and TLS certificates, the Installer uses them instead of these provided by xip.io. Additionally, all scenarios support Application Connectivity.

> ### Removed Minikube constraint

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
### Removed the Minikube constraint
```

> We removed Minikube version constraint which allows you to use any compatible version, not necessarily the exact one found in Kyma sources.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
We removed the Minikube version constraint which allows you to use any compatible version, not necessarily the exact one found in Kyma sources.
```

> We removed Minikube version constraint which allows you to use any compatible version, not necessarily the exact one found in Kyma sources.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
We removed Minikube version constraint. You can now use any compatible version, not necessarily the exact one found in Kyma sources.
```
I would make it two sentences - now it seems like the constraint allows you to use any compatible version.

### Kubernetes version upgrade

Cluster deployments now use Kubernetes version 1.12.

## Logging

### OK Log replaced with Loki

> In this release, we replaced OK Log with a new logging solution - Loki. Dubbed the "Prometheus for logs", Loki fits Kyma very well. It's lightweight, actively maintained, and is very well integrated with Grafana, which lets you see metrics and logs for your Pods all in one place. For now, we replaced the main logging functionality, which means that the logs are collected by Loki but can be accessed only through an internal API. We will expose the API and activate Grafana integration in the upcoming release. Please remember that our logging solution is in alpha state. Your feedback is welcome!

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
In this release, we replaced OK Log with a new logging solution - Loki. Dubbed the "Prometheus for logs", Loki fits Kyma very well. It's lightweight, actively maintained, and is very well integrated with Grafana, which lets you see metrics and logs for your Pods all in one place. For now, we replaced the main logging functionality, which means that the logs are collected by Loki but can be accessed only through an internal API. We will expose the API and activate Grafana integration in the upcoming release. Please remember that our logging solution is in the alpha state. Your feedback is welcome!
```

Author: I don't think we need "the" here. "Alpha" is a pretty loose term so I wouldn't use a definite article in this case.

> In this release, we replaced OK Log with a new logging solution - Loki. Dubbed the "Prometheus for logs", Loki fits Kyma very well. It's lightweight, actively maintained, and is very well integrated with Grafana, which lets you see metrics and logs for your Pods all in one place. For now, we replaced the main logging functionality, which means that the logs are collected by Loki but can be accessed only through an internal API. We will expose the API and activate Grafana integration in the upcoming release. Please remember that our logging solution is in alpha state. Your feedback is welcome!

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
In this release, we replaced OK Log with a new logging solution - Loki. Dubbed the "Prometheus for logs", Loki fits Kyma very well. It's lightweight, actively maintained, and integrated with Grafana, which lets you see metrics and logs for your Pods all in one place. For now, we replaced the main logging functionality, which means that the logs are collected by Loki but can be accessed only through an internal API. We will expose the API and activate Grafana integration in the upcoming release. Please remember that our logging solution is in alpha state. Your feedback is welcome!
```

## Security

### Kyma-developer role

We introduced a new cluster-wide role suited for developers working with Kyma. The kyma-developer role has fewer privileges than the existing kyma-admin role but allows for more access than the existing, Namespace-specific kyma-reader-role. Assign the new role to any developers that develop solutions in your cluster. Read [this](LINK) document for more information.

### Shorter ID token TTL

Starting with the 0.8 release, all ID tokens fetched from Dex have a TTL of 8 hours.

### Support for kubectl exec command

> The API Server Proxy now supports the [SPDY](https://www.chromium.org/spdy/spdy-whitepaper) protocol, which s used for handling kubectl commands such as `exec`. Now developers can use all kubectl commands when they connect to a cluster with a generated `kubeconfig` file.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
The API Server Proxy now supports the [SPDY](https://www.chromium.org/spdy/spdy-whitepaper) protocol, which is used for handling kubectl commands such as `exec`. Developers can now use all kubectl commands when they connect to a cluster with a generated `kubeconfig` file.
```

> The API Server Proxy now supports the [SPDY](https://www.chromium.org/spdy/spdy-whitepaper) protocol, which s used for handling kubectl commands such as `exec`. Now developers can use all kubectl commands when they connect to a cluster with a generated `kubeconfig` file.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
The API Server Proxy now supports the [SPDY](https://www.chromium.org/spdy/spdy-whitepaper) protocol, which is used for handling kubectl commands such as `exec`. Now developers can use all kubectl commands when they connect to a cluster with a generated `kubeconfig` file.
```

## Serverless

### Logging of function's source code before execution

> Functions are logging their source code and `package.json` content before they are executed. This allows track what code is executed inside function Pods.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Functions are logging their source code and `package.json` content before they are executed. This allows you to track what code is executed inside function Pods.
```
or `allows tracking`

## Service Catalog

> ### Set bundle repository URLs in Helm Broker seamlessly

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
### Set the bundle repository URLs in the Helm Broker seamlessly
```

You can now instantly update the URLs of bundles' repositories in the Helm Broker, no need to restart. For more information, read [this](/docs/0.8/components/helm-broker#configuration-configure-helm-broker-add-a-new-bundle-repository) document.

## kyma-project.io

### Backend refactoring

We refactored the backend of the website to improve the speed of future implementations.

### Bugfixes

We fixed multiple smaller bugs, including a particularly annoying one that caused the horizontal scroll bar to overlap the code in code snippet fields.
![Scroll bar](./scroll_bar_bug.png)

### New features

- Copy button for code snippets
![Copy button](./copy_button.png)

- New tabs layout suitable for displaying instructions in different versions
![Tabs layout](./tabs_layout.png)

> - New panel types help differentiate between notes, caution indicators, and tips

Reviewer 6: probably will have to be removed, please contact me right before publishing release notes

Author: removed as per request

- [Asset Store](#asset-store) - New cluster-wide resources added, package filtering, Minio monitoring
- [Backup and Restore](#backup-and-restore) - Backup and restore feature added, E2E tests for backup and restore
- [Console](#console) - All views use SAP Fiori Fundamentals, support for system Namespaces, creating bindings for users, OData spec rendering and "provision only once" classes in the Catalog view
- [Eventing](#eventing) - Consuming Events served by Knative Eventing
- [Installation](#installation) - `xip.io` as the default DNS solution, removed the Minikube constraint, Kubernetes upgraded to 1.12
- [Logging](#logging) - Replaced OK Log with Loki
- [Security](#security) - New **kyma-developer** role, shorter ID token TTL, support for the kubectl `exec` command
- [Serverless](#serverless) - Logging of function's source code before execution
- [Service Catalog](#service-catalog) - Defining the URLs of the repositories that hold your bundles in the Helm Broker at runtime
- [kyma-project.io](#kyma-project-io) - Backend refactoring, bugfixes, new tab layout, information panels, new external link icon

> ---

Reviewer 4: Please add section about upgradeability.
You can upgrade release 0.7.0 to 0.8.0 with the following commands:
```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases/download/0.8.0/kyma-installer-cluster.yaml
kubectl label installation/kyma-installation action=install
```
Known issues:
- LoadBalancer for Application Connector gateway is recreated - you need to update your DNS entry
- Label on service should be changed

- [Adding a new kyma-developer role](#kyma-developer-role) - We added a new **kyma-developer** role which is suited for developers working with Kyma clusters.
- [All Console views using SAP Fiori](#sap-fiori-fundamentals) - All views in the Console now use SAP Fiori Fundamentals or one of its component libraries, [`fundamental-ngx`](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-ngx) or [`fundamental-react`](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-react).

See the overview of all changes in this release:

- [Application Connector](#application-connector) - Information endpoint, certificate signing, certificate renewal, certificate revocation, Proxy Service renaming
- [Asset Store](#asset-store) - New cluster-wide resources added, package filtering, Minio monitoring
- [Backup and Restore](#backup-and-restore) - Backup and restore feature added, E2E tests for backup and restore
- [Console](#console) - All views use SAP Fiori Fundamentals, support for system Namespaces, creating bindings for users, Catalog view improvements
- [Eventing](#eventing) - Consuming Events served by Knative Eventing

> - [Installation](#installation) - xip.io as the default DNS solution, removed Minikube constraint, Kubernetes upgraded to 1.12

Author: We don't format version numbers in code ;)

- [Logging](#logging) - Replaced OK Log with Loki
- [Security](#security) - New **kyma-developer** role, shorter ID token TTL, support for the kubectl `exec` command
- [Serverless](#serverless) - Logging of function's source code before execution
- [Service Catalog](#service-catalog) - Defining the URLs of the repositories that hold your bundles in the Helm Broker at runtime

> - [kyma-project.io](#kyma-project-io) - Backend refactoring, bugfixes, infomation panels, new tab layout, new external link icon

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
- [kyma-project.io](#kyma-project-io) - Backend refactoring, bugfixes, information panels, new tab layout, new external link icon
```

## Console

### SAP Fiori Fundamentals

All views of the Console now use Fiori Fundamentals or one of its component libraries, [`fundamental-ngx`](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-ngx) or [`fundamental-react`](https://github.com/SAP/fundamental-react).

### Support for system Namespaces

The system Namespaces of your Kyma cluster are now displayed in the Console alongside the user-created ones. The system Namespaces have reduced functionality and don't allow the users to perform certain actions, such as creating lambdas.

### Create RoleBindings for users

We added the ability to create RoleBindings and ClusterRoleBindings for specific users through the Console.

### Catalog view enhancements

- "Provision only once" classes

Some Service Classes can be provisioned only once in a given Namespace. They are mostly brokers from different cloud providers. We made it clear in the UI that certain classes can be used only once or cannot be provisioned again if they are already in use. We also indicated how many instances of Service Classes that can be provisioned multiple times already exist in the cluster.

![Provision only once classes](./provision_once.png)

> - OData rendering

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
- OData specification rendering
```

Author: updated

> Kyma allows you to register not only REST APIs but also OData APIs. The Console now supports both OpenAPI and OData spec rendering. We developed a new component and integrated it in the Service Catalog views to support this use case. Currently, we support OData v2, v3, and v4. We support only XML as the input data format and we transform older OData versions to v4.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
Kyma allows you to register not only REST APIs but also OData APIs. The Console now supports both OpenAPI and OData spec rendering. We developed a new component and integrated it in the Service Catalog views to support this use case. Currently, we support OData v2, v3, and v4. We support only `XML` as the input data format and we transform older OData versions to v4.
```

Reviewer 9: Don't we put versions in code?

Author: No, I don't think so.

> Kyma allows you to register not only REST APIs but also OData APIs. The Console now supports both OpenAPI and OData spec rendering. We developed a new component and integrated it in the Service Catalog views to support this use case. Currently, we support OData v2, v3, and v4. We support only `XML` as the input data format and we transform older OData versions to v4.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Kyma allows you to register not only REST APIs but also OData APIs. The Console now supports not only OpenAPI but also OData spec rendering. We developed a new component and integrated it in the Service Catalog views to support this use case. Currently, we support OData v2, v3, and v4. We support only `XML` as the input data format and we transform older OData versions to v4.
```

Reviewer 6: I suggest a change cause it sounded for me like we added OpenAPI rendering this release as well, but is was in place before

Author: updated

![OData spec](./odata.png)

### Known issues

After you upgrade Kyma to the 0.8 version, you might be unable to log in to the Console. To counter this issue, clear your browser cache manually and try logging in again.

## Eventing

### Consuming Events served by Knative Eventing

Running Kyma with the `--knative` flag now allows you to consume Events served by Knative.

### Restricted Client access enabled for NATS Streaming

Only Event Bus applications can connect to NATS Streaming using client authentication.

## Installation

> ### Xip.io wildcard as the default DNS solution

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
### `Xip.io` wildcard as the default DNS solution
```

Author: I don't think we should use code formatting in headings.

> The wildcard DNS provided by xip.io is integrated as the default DNS solution, which means you can now install Kyma on GKE and AKS clusters and create a playground environment even easier. Simply start the installation on your cluster and don't worry about owning a domain or configuring your cluster in a specific way. If you want to spin up a production-ready cluster, the process doesn't change. When you provide your own domain and TLS certificates, the Installer uses them instead of these provided by xip.io. Additionally, all scenarios support Application Connectivity.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
The wildcard DNS provided by `xip.io` is integrated as the default DNS solution, which means you can now install Kyma on GKE and AKS clusters and create a playground environment even easier. Simply start the installation on your cluster and don't worry about owning a domain or configuring your cluster in a specific way. If you want to spin up a production-ready cluster, the process doesn't change. When you provide your own domain and TLS certificates, the Installer uses them instead of these provided by `xip.io`. Additionally, all scenarios support Application Connectivity.
```

### Removed the Minikube version constraint

We removed the Minikube version constraint. You can now use any compatible version, not necessarily the exact one found in Kyma sources.

### Kubernetes version upgrade

> Cluster deployments now use Kubernetes version 1.12.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
Cluster deployments now use Kubernetes version `1.12`.
```

## Security

### Kyma-developer role

We introduced a new cluster-wide role suited for developers working with Kyma. The **kyma-developer** role has fewer privileges than the existing **kyma-admin** role but allows for more access than the existing, Namespace-specific **kyma-reader** role. Assign the new role to any developer that develop solutions in your cluster. Read [this](/docs/0.8/components/security/#tutorials-manage-static-users-in-dex-bind-a-user-to-a-role-or-a-clusterrole) document for more information.

### Shorter ID token TTL

Starting with the 0.8 release, all ID tokens fetched from Dex have a TTL of 8 hours.

### Support for kubectl exec command

The API Server Proxy now supports the [SPDY](https://www.chromium.org/spdy/spdy-whitepaper) protocol, which is used for handling kubectl commands such as `exec`. Developers can now use all kubectl commands when they connect to a cluster with a generated `kubeconfig` file.

## Serverless

### Logging of function's source code before execution

Functions are logging their source code and `package.json` content before they are executed. This allows you to track what code is executed inside function Pods.

## Service Catalog

> ### Definie the URLs of the repositories that hold your bundles in the Helm Broker

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
### Define the URLs of the repositories that hold your bundles in the Helm Broker
```

> You can now instantly update the URLs of bundles' repositories in the Helm Broker, no need to restart. For more information, read [this](/docs/0.8/components/helm-broker#configuration-configure-helm-broker-add-a-new-bundle-repository) document.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
You can now instantly update the URLs of your bundles repositories in the Helm Broker, with no need to restart. For more information, read [this](/docs/0.8/components/helm-broker#configuration-configure-helm-broker-add-a-new-bundle-repository) document.
```
